[New Resource] `aws_vpclattice_resource_configuration` (#41019)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/vpclattice_resource_configuration.html.markdown

### `arn_resource` Block

The following arguments are required:

* `arn` - (Required) The ARN of the Resource for this configuration.

### `dns_resource` Block

The following arguments are required:

* `domain_name` - (Required) The hostname of the Resource for this configuration.
* `ip_address_type` - (Required) The IP Address type either `IPV4` or `IPV6`

### `ip_resource` Block

The following arguments are required:

* `ip_address` - (Required) The IP Address of the Resource for this configuration.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the resource gateway.
* `id` - ID of the resource gateway.
* `tags_all` - Map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](/docs/providers/aws/index.html#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `10m`)
* `update` - (Default `10m`)
* `delete` - (Default `10m`)

## Import

> In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import VPC Lattice Resource Configuration using the `example_id_arg`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import VPC Lattice Resource Configuration using the `id`. For example:
```

```terraform
import {
  to = aws_vpclattice_resource_configuration.example
  id = "rcfg-1234567890abcdef1"
}
```

> Using `terraform import`, import VPC Lattice Resource Configuration using the `rcfg-1234567890abcdef1`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `terraform import`, import VPC Lattice Resource Configuration using the `id`. For example:
```
